I think it's like 99% chance it's gonna
be a c9 or TSM vs. TL finals it's week
nine of the NA LCS I'm joined by devil
lifts of Team Liquid with covers
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about how things are going at Team
Liquid doublelift I'm ready to answer a
question that I've probably been asked a
thousand times already let's go what is
the question how do you think your team
is gonna do how's that game that you
just played it's a good job I'm ready
for him doublelift if spring split 2018
was an anime what anime would it be boku
no pico I actually I just had to come up
with a question that I would never
you've never been asked and I asked that
question awfully earlier when I
interviewed her and she said it was my
hero academia oh shit yeah I guess if I
don't know the main character in my hero
academia is actually I forgot but that's
only true if I'm the main character okay
so when you said again I know nothing
about boku no pico but is that as are
you the main character boku no pico I
guess you could say that what's of a
character in boku no pico I need to look
this up now you know what I think it's
energy just looking stuff on you and we
don't talk about this anymore let's just
go to the next question so I don't have
to look it up because you put yourself
with a situation very clearly you guys
were sucking I feel like now you're
starting to do okay do you agree yeah
it's hard to argue that we weren't
sucking and I think it's totally fair
people were like why is this roster not
playing as well we have like all really
good players we have you know a very
high expectation coming in and our games
when we lose they don't even look close
so we were putting a lot of pressure on
ourselves because and just being really
frustrated with ourselves and sort of
like with the direction of the team and
so we just like kind of took it upon
ourselves to fix
and I think like the more time goes on
the more honest we are with each other
and I think that's really important like
you come into this team you don't want
to step on toes because you know
everyone has a reputation everyone is
very respected but you know the more
like stepping on toes is kind of a bad
way to put it you like you should just
we really aren't out our problems and
and we really seem like it sometimes we
singled out players for not like being a
part of the team in certain plays I'm
like that's just totally normal I think
that process of like respecting someone
enough to give them criticism fair
criticism was really important like I
mean everyone was kind of like fair game
so like I was criticized for being maybe
like too selfish and like not
communicating well enough and and like
so I think everyone kind of stepped up
and that's why the game today we were
really far behind and the meme is that
we could never come back from behind but
uh like yeah the game started off we was
terrible well I've had four kills so and
Jake was just getting screwed he lost
like every buff so I think the fact that
we're able to come back makes me really
confident that we were set in the right
direction what what are you guys doing
differently in game that's allowing you
to pull out the wins what are we doing
in game we really had a problem with
translating practice to stage and that
that doesn't mean that we were winning
every screen but like the things that we
were working on in practice we didn't
like execute well on stage so on stage
like we we just kind of talked a little
bit about like like just remember like
this is what we practice and we kept
each other your focus on like what's
next like the next plan and I think it's
really strange because like if you don't
practice those habits of like always
having a plan for what to do next then
obviously when you get on stage like you
will be lost when you get really far
behind because the plan is gonna be
you're like digging your digging deep
for this idea like what what to do next
how do we win so like refining that over
and over again over nine weeks I think
that was really helpful I think what
mainly what we're doing differently
though is we are feeling more of like a
team when we play that sounds really
generic but basically like what that
means is when we make a play everyone's
committed to it all in it doesn't have
to be the best play everyone just has to
be um all in on it
and like sometimes sometimes like
getting commitment out of people for a
play that they didn't come up with is
like a leadership problem on the team if
you can't get everyone on the team to
follow your idea then it's it you could
say that it goes both ways but I'd say
it all to me comes down to the shock
lures on the team to like you know get
everyone on board on the same page and
so I think we did a better job of doing
that
all right from a strategy perspective
though are you approaching it
differently like are you looking at I'm
are battling why are you waving at
Bonnie this is my time I get to talk to
you are you looking at things from or
botlane centric perspective are you
trying to help out like is there are you
guys tweaking anything there or was it
really just sort of like a communication
issue that you guys were looking to
resolve I think in terms of team play so
you could say that we play around bottom
a lot more now but if like the Metis
shifts to like you know really heavily
playing around top or mid I think that's
what you've been practicing during the
split and then people are gonna think
like oh well you guys sucked in the
middle of the split so that didn't work
but I think you kind of like league is
very binary you kind of just suck it in
in LCS you just suck at something until
you're good because everyone else is
already at that good level so I think
when we get to playoffs like we'll be
able to play more flexible style because
we already know all the things that can
go wrong when we play a top and mid or
even you know put a bottom sometimes we
I mean a lot of times we lost so I'm not
saying that like just give me resources
we're gonna win but I think you know
having failure definitely for us like
veteran players we learn a lot faster
than normal on those things so I'm happy
about it so you have an advantage
because you've lost so much yeah I think
so if you go pre-suit regular split I
feel like you didn't have as much
challenge as as you probably should have
you were on to7 that's happened right
immortals I know it's probably whoever
you suggest right yeah yeah we breached
it that was I think that's a extended
case where the competition is just so
far below a good example though is echo
Fox right now they breeze through early
part of the split looking amazing and
then now they're looking really shaky I
feel like
playoff time comes there you know
they're kind of not gonna be strong
that's my goal prediction I feel like
they're just gonna insta lose out of
playoffs and I think part of that is
just because they didn't meet a lot of
opposition early on so they didn't set
themselves up to like learn how to
resolve problems
I guess because like for us we've been
learning how we've been trying to figure
out how to quote unquote like fix the
team since week one so we have so much
more of an advantage we already figured
out like systems for improvement like
systems for communicating with each
other like how do we problem-solve how
do we like how do we overcome a plateau
for our team and then you know echovox
probably they're just cruising for like
six or seven weeks and now it's not
looking so hot
speaking of echovox did you get a chance
to watch their game earlier today yeah
they won with two new players that was
really impressive but it was against fly
quest it wasn't against flight quest
that's - what do you think of the
performance of attuning players I didn't
really watch very closely
I saw Dumont's he had perfect CS on
Casio even though Cassie was probably
one of the easiest to see us with I
thought that was impressive for his like
Rickey performance and then Papa chow
when I was on TSM it was I had a choice
of bringing two players to Korea with us
Papa Chow or bio Frost so I chose
ultimately chose by frost but Papa cha
was like right there he was if I didn't
choose Vincent he would have been here
some support that you you gave him the
name bio daddy
yeah could have a pop up daddy oh wait
no I thought has this been weird
yeah daddy Chow no I don't know Papa
daddy just doesn't make any sense
all right so okay so he he there's an
alternate world here where Papa Chow was
like waiting he splits with you guys and
going to worlds and all that yeah he had
potential two years ago when I scouted
him I guess and and I think it's finally
like you know paying off for him that he
was a good player for so long in Seoul
acute he seems like a nice guy mm-hmm
he's cool
well how are you gonna do in playoffs I
think we're either gonna win it all or
it's gonna go to Game five and it'll be
one of the sickest sets ever and we
might lose in the finals yeah yeah I'm
gonna swim you're making fun we're
winning or rather winning or we're gonna
lose in Game five okay so 100% chance of
finals yeah yeah hundred who will you
face cuz parth is very curious about
this as he walks by well we can't face I
think there's a really low chance we're
gonna face his TSM until the finals so
yeah it's I just think that because we
were like both at the bottom you know so
like a 5th and 60s it could I could be
wrong at the end of the today or sorry I
think we can but if we end up being like
4th and 5th seed or 5th and 6th see it's
Austin TSM it's like in part we can't
face each other until the finals because
when you win the quarters you fit you
face it are born into seats so anyways I
think who we're gonna face ultimately is
you know either a top 2 you seed aka I
think c9 or TSM I mean I think it's like
99% chance it's gonna be a c9 or TSM vs.
TL finals okay very interesting who and
who would you rather face who would I
rather face we just beat scene we're 1
and 1 against both teams I would rather
play TSM for the storyline yeah I think
it'll be it would be really sick that
Finals might be like the hypest finals
of any like since I was on CLG yeah
because just say like MSG 2015 was a
pretty high finals but and and but and
so you think there's a chance they'd
take you to game 5 but you would lose to
them um I think it'll be close I
wouldn't say that we're like
overwhelming favorites in the finals and
when you go to NLCS anything happened
like yeah just looking back like the
only the only 3-0 finals in the last two
years was actually us hey let's go so as
we're wrapping up the interview I need
to get this I need to get to things on
record one is Kelby thinks that you're
gonna come on hotline League now because
you tweeted at him and said you'd come
on yeah so is that gonna happen yeah
okay I'll talk to Michael about it
it works cuz you said that the show was
too small for you for a while but then
Calvin just asked and that's all it
takes your 10 fans to come tweet at me
that there they were more than 10 there
were a lot of fans that put it at you
yeah just imagine you sitting there like
I'm like picking out the scraps I'm like
looking for it I see a couple out there
more people watching that than squad
secondly though
Watto secondly though Bonnie made a
commitment to get dinner with me and a
friend and possibly you now it seems
like she's backing out of it I think
what actually happens is you made a
commitment for Bonnie no that's not true
I have the facebook messenger logs okay
release the logs this is over here is
where the logs will be the paceman the
paceman yes and and you guys can judge
for yourselves whether you're not funny
I don't know I'm just a third party okay
I'm just a mediator so are we gonna get
dinner yeah we're gonna get dinner I
think just because your guilt trip thing
guilt tripping us trip ting is it's not
because you're my friend and you want to
hang out with me it's not cuz it's not
because I've been gone for a little bit
and it may be time to hang out no no I
did a panel with Steve at South by
Southwest congratulations
he's your boss I never been to South by
Southwest wait why did you get dinner
with parse collusion yeah well you know
can't bring collusion where did you get
dinner with just cuz that night he
tweeted a picture with like Mike Young
were you with the team cuz last last
week I did an interview with no I didn't
I didn't I only went with part and part
is seriously like I think there's not a
lot of figures in eSports that can teach
you discipline parse Tommy disciplined
you he disciplined me daddy
no he seriously he was a great coach and
everyone shit on him and I feel like all
the players on TSM always defend him
because he was a really good coach no
he's trash-talking you right now he just
walked up at the end of this he said you
he said you disciplined him yeah part
taught me discipline and he's also a
great friend so we got to you once in a
while and catch up okay also last week I
did an interview I think it was with
burek and in the background the entirety
left with Sven after after Sven had lot
or after c9 had lost the TSM what what
is more evidence of collusion Sven
leaving the LCS along with all of TSM
after losing to the team or you getting
out going on doing one-on-one dinners
with parth I think the the Sven thing is
a little more of an indication I gotta
say
yeah those when you play kha'zix against
Pearson syndra not sure about that I'm
skinny it's I think that is just really
like will guide to you honestly like
yeah we just we don't have like a each
other at all so we're friends where did
you go with parse for dinner we went to
misfit ah it's a nice nice restaurant in
on Thursday promenade if you go visiting
la check it out at dinner or before
dinner our Peters like I had this thing
with Travis can you just help me bail
out and I'm like yeah let's go good
dinner no no no no that's not true what
the fuck he's really okay first the
Holly League thing then you won't want
to get dinner with me Wow I mean I've
never done part 2 like he's obviously
like the most honest people I know
that's the first lie he's ever told ya
anything you want to say to the fans out
there thanks for believing in us this
interview was fucking long if you made
it this long you must really like me and
not Travis so no no I made it this long
it's cuz they got up to do something
else if they put their headset down and
we're just playing to like the cat
sitting on the desk this is like what
people listen to Jimmy get pumped and
thanks for thanks for supporting us I
know it's like fucking weird to cheer
for me on Team Liquid because our team
wasn't like that good it's a big change
like I just want like performance peaks
across every shitter fan who like you
know just like hates me or hates Team
Liquid and just like memes us and stuff
I think in the end if we win when we win
you know like it'll all be worth it so
I'm gonna make it worth it alright last
question are you jealous at all that
Steve and Jack have stolen your
spongebob game oh my god did I
the first for sure like literally to me
eSports meme historian or something who
like looks back and sees who started
caveman spongebob in the lead scene that
was me I was the original caveman
spongebob me Murray and now everyone
thinks they're cool you know like
stealing memes and stuff not cool guys
not cool but it's okay
first Steve cuz he's my boss big Steve
you check out the restaurant coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel yes Peter yes the
money's in your account I know yes the
whole 20k yes where I realize yeah okay
I'll talk listen I need you to subscribe
to this YouTube channel costs of
production are going up dramatically I I
can't get into specifics because I'm
down under an NDA that a pro player made
me sign but the costs are pretty high so
thank you so much to Omni slash for
making this happen and please subscribe
because it's it's getting tough